Freed.
You're looking at a
picture of American Jew
the tyrant on
and her 17 year old daughter
Natalie Raanan shortly
after they were released by Hama
But two from Chicago are in Isra
after being kidnaped 14 days ago
The IDF says they were being hel
in Hamas's network of tunnels
and according to the secretary o
Antony Blinken, a team from the
embassy is here to meet with the
Now
for their family has been an uni
two weeks
of anguish and grief and hope an
The Iranians were visiting relat
at the kibbutz of Carlos,
which is just a couple of miles
from Gaza.
It was attacked by Hamas.
12 people reportedly killed
during that assault that we know
Earlier this week,
I spoke to Natalie's brother Ben
and he told me the terrifying st
of how his sister
and stepmother were taken
She communicated with
my father in Hebrew
that she was okay for the moment
She was locking herself
in the guest house,
I believe, with my stepmother, J
They were hearing guns.
They were hearing explosions,
and they were going to try and r
as quiet as possible.
From there, once the Israeli arm
was able to take back the city,
there was a broken glass on the
of the guest house.
And both Natalie and Judith were
at that point.
So at that time, Ben told me
he was holding out hope,
holding out this
the hope that he would
again hug his sister.
And that is something
that he is going to be able to d
You just have to smile to hear a
I mean, it is two people out of
but it is two people alive and f
Natalie will turn 18 in four day
In just a moment, Ben will join
live again.
It was President Biden
who spoke with both of the women
Judith and Natalie
says he's overjoyed at the news.
But of course, we're learning to
there are still ten Americans
unaccounted for.
That is in addition
to the 201 people
being held by Hamas at this hour
According to the numbers,
the Israeli government has put o
And tonight,
we're learning more about them,
according to the Israeli Defense
Over 20 of them were children
under the age of 18.
Want to speak to the father
of two of those later.
Between ten and 20 of them are o
But the IDF believes
that the majority of them are al
in Gaza.
One family this morning
told me what
we don't know
if maturity means just over half
or almost all.
But that's the most information
the IDF has given out
is the word majority.
But shortly after the runoff is
Hamas released a statement
claiming they are working
with mediators
in Egypt, Qatar and other,
quote, friendly countries
in order to release more foreign
national hostages.
We don't know very much
about their current conditions.
We only know we have that one
supposed proof of life video.
We don't know when that was
filmed of Mia Sham.
And we also now have the picture
of Judith and Natalie.
We do know that any hostages in
right now are being held captive
in a place facing a humanitarian
We have a lot to get to tonight.
Nic Robertson is live along
the Israel-Gaza border. M.J.
Lee is at the White House,
and Clarissa Ward is live in Cai
Egypt tonight.
Oren Liebermann is live at the P
with breaking news on that battl
Those missiles fired towards Isr
I want to start with Nic
Robertson, because, Nic, I know
there was a lot of activity wher
when the two hostages were relea
What exactly happened
Yeah, absolutely fascinating, Er
because throughout the day,
it had been really exceptionally
and quieter than it's
been for so many days.
No missiles and rockets
coming out of Gaza, no missiles
and not even any drones in the a
Really quiet.
And it gave the impression,
just the impression
that something was happening
in the background today
that was different. We had no id
But just just as that news was c
that Natalie
and her mother, Judith,
were being released.
Hamas
or one of the other groups
inside Gaza launched
a massive salvo of rockets
right at that time
headed towards central Israel.
The Iron Dome intercepted them
within an hour.
They done it again,
fired multiple rockets
towards the center of Israel.
They were intercepted again.
And in that intervening hour,
they fired
five salvos into this area and s
That is way more than they fired
in an hour period
that we've seen over the past we
So kind of a significant
turn in action by by Hamas
or one of the other groups
right at that moment of release.
Was it a signal that they just w
that they were ready
to continue to fight?
Or was it
a sign
that they've been able to use th
when they weren't under fire
and drone surveillance
and to set up some rockets?
It's not clear,
but that was such
a dramatic change of events
right at that moment of release.
The Israelis returned with
some artillery strikes,
so missile strikes.
But again, now
back to that
or of sort of quieter than it ha
Erin,
All right, Nic, thank you very m
And I want to go to M.J.
Lee at the White House,
because, M.J., we were
we were saying
Biden has spoken now
to both Judith and Natalie.
What more
have you learned from your sourc
about how this happened
from the American side and what'
Yeah, Aaron,
the White House says that Presid
had this message
to convey to the two women
when he spoke with them earlier
that the two women
would have the full support
of the US government
as they recover from what he sai
was this terrible ordeal.
And there's no question
that this is a moment of triumph
for this president,
who had said that as president
there was no higher priority for
than securing the release
of these American hostages.
But there is no question
that the work is not over.
Secretary of State
Antony Blinken saying tonight
that there are at least
ten Americans
unaccounted for
and that some of them
are being held hostage.
He couldn't say anything
about the condition
of those American hostages.
But Aaron, it is very, very clea
that U.S.
officials worked closely
with their Israeli counterparts
to gather any intelligence
that they could
about these American hostages.
We know that it was the Israelis
that told us officials
that some Americans
were believed to be alive.
We also know that there was clos
coordination with Qatar,
both President
Biden and Secretary Blinken sayi
thank you to their Qatari counte
after the release of these two w
But, Aaron,
it just worth underscoring that
given the sensitivities
and given the ongoing efforts
to try to try to secure the rele
of more hostages, U.S.
officials right now are very loa
to share any detailed informatio
about how exactly
Judith and Natalie Ronan's
release was able to be secured
All right, M.J., thank you very
And Natalie's brother, Judy,
his stepson, Ben
Raanan, is OUTFRONT now
and he is speaking for the famil
tonight.
So, Ben,
we talked days ago
and you know,
you're talking about your sister
and how she wanted.
She loved art.
And she
you know, she
she wants to be a tattoo artist
And you were praying
you have the chance to hug her a
and wow, what a night.
I mean, how did you find out you
and your stepmother were freed
I found out from the news
this all moved so quickly
that I was getting texts from re
I met with
saying this happened and I belie
because the government
didn't want to call us
before it had been confirmed.
And it was just a surreal thing.
I was taking the first 2 hours o
before I jumped on all of these
that I've been doing for Natalie
just for myself.
And I was playing a video game,
and all of a sudden,
I'm getting all these texts
that, you know, they're coming b
Oh, my gosh.
That is incredible to find out t
And I think, Ben,
it just makes everyone realize t
they had no idea of what happene
or just, as you
said, comes together at the last
When you see the picture
that just the one picture that w
of Natalie
and Judith
and obviously
you know them better than anyone
What do you see when you look at
To be honest, I'm
super annoyed
because how does my sister,
after two weeks as a hostage,
still look like a supermodel?
It's exhausting.
And meanwhile, she does, by the
She does, by the way.
It's absurd.
You know,
my father
got a chance to talk with Natali
and I know Judith's family
got a chance to talk with Judith
at least from my father.
Natalie is doing well.
Is composed.
And as I said to you
a couple of days ago,
we are ready to start this incre
journey
of healing and trauma relief for
And, you know,
she has a full support
of friends and family.
And you know what I've realized
is strangers who care about her,
who want her to succeed at whate
she wants to do
to
you.
Do you have any idea, Ben, at th
I mean, I
I'm sure you don't technically k
but I mean, do you have any even
or have you thought to yourself
about why
it is that Natalie
and Judith were released first?
Why them not anyone else yet?
I mean,
do you have any sense
as to how that's the case?
I don't know.
You know, what I do know is that
you know what I told you
a couple of days ago,
that they're not politicians.
They're not people with intense
about Gaza, Palestine,
Israel.
You know,
they are Israelis and they are l
and they are people lovers.
And so I truly believe
it was something to do with that
And it's important
for me to also
say that that there are people h
who are hostages
that didn't get the same beautif
that that my family got today.
And there are families
all over in Gaza and in Israel
that are experiencing a loss tha
I can't even imagine.
And I just you know, my family j
No, no, I know
I can only imagine
there's a sense of guilt, too.
I was talking to a father who's
still missing
his little girls, two and four.
And I asked him how he felt
about this news.
And he said,
I just miss my children so much.
But of course, I'm so glad for y
Right? I mean. Right.
But there's this
right
there's a deep sense of grief
still for so many.
Do you know when when you're
when you'll be able to speak wit
I we have heard
tentatively she might be coming
Chicago sometime early next week
But that's all dependent, obviou
on what the hospitals say and ma
that their physical well-being a
their mental health
well-being
is at least
okay for them to come here and s
next stage.